LICENSE AGREEMENT

NUBIS, Copyright (C) 2014 Bart Orriens, Albert Weerman 

This software is offered under the General Public License Version 2.1 included in each source code file being provided. The GPL governs the use of any of the versions of NUBIS, and any related updates, source code, appearance, structure and organization (the “ Programs ”),  regardless of the delivery mechanism.

REQUEST FOR MODIFICATIONS: NUBIS is an academically funded software project designed to be community driven and free for all to use. It is the hope of the researchers to continually work on this software and incorporate improvements made by the community whenever feasible, so that everyone can download the most advanced version possible in the most widely distributed format. As such, the researchers who created NUBIS desire to have the modifications and derivations created using NUBIS to be provided back to them so they can review them and, whenever possible, incorporate them into the PROGRAM for release them to the entire community. Therefore, we ask that any user who downloads NUBIS and modifies or makes changes to NUBIS provide the source code files containing those changes back to NUBIS. 

RIGHTS IN YOUR CONTENT: By providing code or other content back to us, you are granting the right to display, publish, modify, copy, create derivative works, incorporate (as provided or as modified) into the PROGRAM and/or make available for download and use of any such code or content to NUBIS, you represent and warrant that you are the owner of all rights in the content or code and that all such content and code is an originally created work of yours. You further grant NUBIS a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, and distribute the content which you submit, post, or display to NUBIS. You agree that this license includes a right for NUBIS to make such content available to other companies, organizations, or individuals with whom NUBIS has relationships for the provision of services and to use such content in connection with the provision of those services. You understand that NUBIS may (a) transmit or distribute the content over various public networks and in various media; and (b) make such changes to the content as are necessary to conform and adapt that content to the technical requirements of connecting networks, devices, services, or media. You agree that this license shall NUBIS to take these actions. You confirm and warrant to NUBIS that you have all the rights, power, and authority necessary to grant the above license.

